vojtech@semecky.cz

Vojtěch Semecký

www.linkedin.com/in/
vojtechsemecky (LinkedIn)
www.testomato.com (Company)
www.varlog.cz (Blog)
konfery.cz/ (Portfolio)

Summary

Contact

Top Skills
PHP
MySQL
Sphinx

Certifications
Základy pro svět prezentací (Lukáš
Hrdlička)

Senior PHP Developer & Software Architect | Co-owner @
Testomato
Prague, Czechia

Senior PHP Developer & Software Architect with 20+ years
of experience building and refactoring large-scale web and ecommerce platforms. Strong expertise in PHP8, MySQL, Sphinx
Search, Redis. Proven track record in designing sustainable,
maintainable systems (Ticketstream, LMC, Testomato) and
leading teams through agile practices (Scrum Master, code
reviews, continuous integration). Focused on long-term scalability,
performance, and clean code culture.

Projektové řízení krok za krokem
(Jiří Krátký)
Začínáme s Sklikem
Obchodní myšlení (Jan Laibl)
Facebook reklama

Publications
Introduction to Sphinx Search (4
articles)

Experience
Testomato
Co-owner & Product Developer

January 2019 - Present (7 years 2 months)
Prague, The Capital, Czech Republic
Development in PHP8, MySQL, Redis, GitLab, Docker. Návrh a údržba

Sdílená kancelář Punspace v Chiang
Mai – Thajsko

škálovatelné architektury SaaS aplikace pro monitoring webů.

Jak se pracuje z tropického ostrova v
Thajsku?

Ticketstream s.r.o.
Software Architect

November 2016 - October 2018 (2 years)
Prague, The Capital, Czech Republic
I was responsible for the complete redesign and refactoring of a 15-yearold ticketing system that was barely maintainable. The goal was to create a
modern, scalable, and sustainable architecture. While keeping the application
fully operational, I gradually rewrote and replaced legacy components with new
ones, ensuring continuous service without disruptions.

LMC
Senior PHP Developer & Scrum master

March 2013 - April 2016 (3 years 2 months)
Prague

Page 1 of 3

As a Scrum Master and Software Architect, I facilitated daily stand-ups,
introduced and maintained planning poker sessions for effort estimation, and
led retrospectives to support continuous improvement. I helped the team
stay focused on sprint goals and provided architectural guidance to ensure
technical consistency and long-term maintainability of the product.
Technologies: PHP, MySQL, Git, Sphinx, Scrum, Agile

Wikidi
Senior Product Developer

January 2011 - March 2013 (2 years 3 months)
Prague, The Capital, Czech Republic
- Product management of Tech-specs.com
- Product development of Kinohled.cz
- Participation in job interviews

Jyxo
Web Developer

October 2009 - January 2011 (1 year 4 months)

LMC s.r.o.
Product manager of Jobs.cz & Prace.cz

January 2009 - September 2009 (9 months)
Leader of the selection procedure to find a solution to replace and consolidate
all the search technologies in the LMC. Temporary contract.

Centrum Holdings, a.s.
Web Developer

May 2008 - December 2008 (8 months)
I developed and maintained the advertising system and business directory for
the Centrum.cz portal. My work involved backend and frontend development
to support high-traffic services, with a focus on performance, reliability, and
integration with other parts of the platform.

Raiffeisenbank a.s.
IT Project Coordinator

May 2006 - May 2008 (2 years 1 month)
Prague
IT coordinator in a wide variety of Lotus Notes business applications.

Page 2 of 3

eBanka, a.s.
Lotus Notes & Intranet Developer

March 2004 - April 2006 (2 years 2 months)
Intranet developer, Lotus Notes, Lotus Script, Intranet

PricewaterhouseCoopers
Human Resources Consultant

September 2001 - February 2004 (2 years 6 months)
Prague, The Capital, Czech Republic
* Consultant in Global Human Resources Services
* Participation in processing of PayWell survey
* Technologies: Lotus Notes, MS Access, SPSS

Page 3 of 3

